Pier co/chore/tdkn 297 disable message output (#649)
Talend/daikon: daikon-audit/README.adoc

=== Disable audit message in audit event

> It is possible for an `AbstractBackend` to dis  baled log messages if it doesn't need it (e.g. performance consideration).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is possible for an `AbstractBackend` to disable log messages if it doesn't need it (e.g. performance consideration).
```

> To do that, the implementation of the `AbstractBackend` have to override the method `isOnHoldForFormattedMessages` in order to retuen `false` (default value is `true` - backward compatibility conciderations).

Reviewer 2: Typo on "return"

> To do that, the implementation of the `AbstractBackend` have to override the method `isOnHoldForFormattedMessages` in order to retuen `false` (default value is `true` - backward compatibility conciderations).

Reviewer 2: I would rename method from `isOnHoldForFormattedMessages` to `enableMessageFormat`
